Fresh and pure milk procured from our farmers is processed, homogenized, pasteurized and packed in state of the art of processing plants with utmost care ensure goodness.

Heritage Curd is is one of the flagship value-added products from the house of heritage. Heritage Curd is prepared with a select culture having beneficial bacteria. The culture is selected after research by a team of expert to impart a thick, creamy, rich and glossy texture.

Available in poly packs (pouches), cups, tubs, buckets / matkas


Sweet Lassi is made with pasteurized homogenized Curd. Lassi is fermented that contains many healthy bacteria. Lassi is thick and rich in mouth feel and it comes with a natural alaichi flavor 

Sabja Lassi is a very healthy and nutritous fermented drink; it is make by mixing sabja seed and fresh curd together and by smoothoring the mixture


Prepared from the fresh and pure heritage Toned milk with different food grade, nature-identical & permitted flavours & colours. These delicious and refreshing milkshake are UHT treated to ensure freshness and longevity and are rich source of Milk protein & dietary Calcium 

Available favours: chocolate, strawberry, Vanilla

Available at leading modern trade outlets, A-class stores, Heritage Parious & Heritage distribution Center


FAT 3.0
SNF 8.5
Improves digestion
Storage: Pouch and bucket curd with a sheif life of 10 day and cup curd 15 days from the date of packing when stored at 4°C
PACK SIZE: 500 grams

FAT 3.0
Carbohydrates: 17.6% (of which sugar 14.5%)
Protein: 2.0
Storage: 7 days from the date of packing 
PACK SIZE: 200 ml

FAT 2.0
Carbohydrates: 17.6% (of which sugar 10%)
Protein: 2.1%
Calcium 92ml
IRON: 0.05mg per 100ml
Storage: 7 days from the date of packing 
PACK SIZE: 200 ml cup 



It is used for direct consumption. Curd is also used in preparation of delicious dishes like curd rice, curd wad, raits, butter milk, kadhi and mughal foods

Lassi is a healthy and natural remedy for stomach bloating. It helps in preventing constipation and other stomach problem as well

Lassi is rich in calcium, it is an excellent way make your bones stronger. It can improve your overall bone and dental heath to a great extent

Direct consumption, taste best when chilled







